so um it's time for dog a meal right I
have seed potatoes I will afterward I
peel them and they cuttin down and we'll
wait and find out how much you need it's
200 of extra lean minced meat some
vegetables of my choice you can have any
any vegetables you like some lettuce
yellow panos gherkins tomato and red
onion feta grams of phila grams of
low-fat cheese and hey it's a it's a
different kind of back right it's like
like a bread more but it's only 100
grams pelvis two slices so it's fine who
we'd brown one and a smoked paprika my
choice of spices drive black pepper
cayenne pepper or you can use any any
spices you like and this is how I start
now what they're going to be doing peel
potatoes cut them into small small lines
and and put in oven to cook from this
one I'm going to be spices I put some
spices how I season and after that I
will I will mix them this is smoked
paprika I'll put some and I like
everything spicy so I put cayenne pepper
and I will mix that right right just
peel my potatoes now be are going to be
cutting them into lines and I will cut
them I got them like this is it's all
right asthma-like a quick quick I gonna
you know cook it so now I'm going to be
cutting like that
all cut it into pieces something like
that so I'm going to be putting all of
this on the trailer foil I try to use as
little or as possible I don't use at all
and this is how it's going to be cooking
my potatoes can spare them evilly so we
gonna cook it okay I gonna put it like
this and I gonna you know move it time
to time I got preheated oven here so
just gonna put them and I gotta check
them I you know you so every day all the
time is cook them different sometimes
it's enough 20 minutes let's do 20
minutes and I've certainly come back ok
time to mix my mincemeat it just nail
like this and make a nice foam after
here we go a form a square one just
because they have a square bread Oh as I
will make a round one so this is my beef
I just mix them a little bit the closer
and we can you
so sweet potatoes fries healthy price
almost done now it's time and now I'm
going to be cooking my beef just ride it
some fries they are done so my sweet
potatoes are done this is how it looks
like and taste still soft and you know
still a little crispy so it's so good
just perfect just lift my beef meat
party and put on a low temperature and I
think that's about the time to toast my
bread toasting my bread and I could do
it on a fine but I think it's so much
better to do on a toaster brand now
toast it nice and crispy just the way I
like it so now it's time to wait for
beef cheese cheese must go on top of
beef to make it nice and melted so I'll
try to do that nicely spread around
go just beautiful okay I have some small
going on hand but I just want to cook it
it's a little bit rare but it just is
fine for me I like it kind of this way
and in the eq 1 I well done just scooted
longer and after that put cheese on top
so I need now to put on bread ok the
beef sits perfectly on their bread now I
just need to put some of my other stuff
i have here so just tomatoes I love
onions so I'm going to put them lots of
them and gillikins I like spices are
gonna put yellow panels as well you can
cut into smaller pieces so it's easier
to put I just do like this squash a
little bit don't squash too much and
lettuce one that is
so let's put on another place with a
price here we go guys I took me half an
hour something like half an hour to make
this burger and here we go this is a my
actually post workout meal I let myself
to have a cheese a little bit not every
day of course actually once in a while I
having so this is my healthy burger try
it out let me know what you think and I
will definitely enjoy this one gorgeous
bag a meal healthy bag a meal take care
I just tried a little bit and its really
really nice and soft bread this perfect
actually I now would go for this kind of
bread next time I wouldn't go for four
back less calories and then so much
better okay I'm done here